14 connect 3rd party api to places controller (#73)
ElenaCherpakova/RoR-practicum: README.md

Make sure to create a dev-main branch

    git checkout -b dev-main origin/dev-main

## Creating the .env file and assigning the right API token

>   1. Open the ".env.example" file

Reviewer: Was this file committed? I don't see it.

Author: Added .env.example file

  2. In your root directory, create a file named ".env"
  3. Open the newly created .env file
  4. Copy the variables listed in the ".env.example" file and paste it onto the .env file

>   5. In our Google Drive: https://docs.google.com/document/u/2/ open the API Tokens file

Reviewer: This URL just goes to the second Google account that you have linked. I suggest linking to the document itself:

```suggestion
  5. In our Google Drive, go to the [API Tokens](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dUSup56OvHKJWdhSUIE5RjaJvZmXjGY0zBlD3qfzys8/edit?pli=1) file
```
